Name	Rol	ID	Rarity	status	texts	Position
Punga Punga	CH	1	1		Former thief turned Fulbo Galaxy star! After years of robbing other people’s money to fill his own pockets he decided to start stealing balls and filling the opposition’s goal. It has been quite a turnaround for this cult personality.	FOR
Comandante Feltford	GK	1	2		He's the richest Player in the game but he inherited his fortune from his daddy. A lot of rich kids waste their money on fast cars and expensive lifestyles but this guy only invests in surgeries that help him look like a better goalkeeper.	
Herr Friedmann	RF	1			Although he says he is the most impartial referee in the galaxy, he always helps the team on the right.	
Richard Orion	GK	2	1		A legend of the game that has played for almost every great team in Fulbo Galaxy. Many fans think he should have retired at the top of his game but some prefer to watch their heroes grow old and opinionated.	
Chunky Doll	CH	2	2		A small Player that makes a massive impact. He's armed, he's dangerous and he's willing to do anything apart from lose a game of Fulbo. You have been warned.	FOR
Joe Zen	RF	2			Two-time Interstellar Nobel Peace Prize winner Pipo wants all the teams to win. He is in a permanent alpha state thanks to the THC-infused matés he drinks during the match.	
Kim Yin	CH	3	2	blocked	Proud inventor of Fulbo Galaxy! When you grow up in the North it's natural to look down on everybody else. If he's not looking down on you and you're not looking up to him then you're about to enter a world of Kim Yin pain!	FOR
Vimbo ´Vred´ Slice	GK	3	3	blocked	The scariest goalie in the game. Taking a shot at his goal is a matter of life and death. If you miss, you may live to play again but if you score you’ll almost certainly die. You have been warned.	
Fulbo Friendly	RF	3			For a referee it is always problematic to have friendly relationships with a Player on the pitch. Well, Ibai is friends with 75% of the Players in the next match you play.	
Ceresitas	CH	4	2		The 1980s ‘IT’ girl is back. A real superstar blast from the past. She used to hang out in every girl’s backpack but nowadays she’s firmly rooted to the Fulbo Galaxy pitch. She’s a real sweet Player too!	MID
Copbot	GK	4	4		He’s robotic and easy to predict but still the most relentless keeper in the Fulbo Galaxy universe. He has been programmed with three prime directives. Serve the Fans, Protect the Goal, and Hold the Ball.	
Squidy	RF	4		blocked	Do not need.	
Poonga Loompa	CH	5	1		If you want a Player that sings along with the fans then look no further. If you want to score goals or defend well while singing songs then look no further. If you're looking to throw a team together without much thought then look elsewhere.	DEF
Xannah	GK	5	3		She’s a woman, a warrior and protector of the Fulbo Galaxy. When she’s around, the bad guys never score and the good guys always win. Unfortunately, it’s hard to tell who the good guys and the bad guys are in Fulbo Galaxy.	
NewPaul	RF	5		blocked	Do not need.	
Mischa Gurkovsky	CH	6	1		If your team has good equipment, a solid management structure and a clear idea of what it wants to achieve then you'll be sure to get the best out of this rising star. If your team lacks these things then you'll trigger her with memories of her old job.	DEF
Motorhome	GK	6	1	blocked	A motorcycle hero that loves to be in two places at once. In goal and in leathers! If he's not clearing balls, he's riding his chopper, and if he's not doing either of those then he's probably at home caring for his mother.	
The Big G	RF	6			Do not need.	
Fiscal Nissmar	CH	7	1	blocked	A Fulbo Galaxy wizard. Rich, powerful, and knows no fear. He’s unencumbered in life and able to play with amazing grace. Known for his catchphrase “Play for today because who knows what will happen tomorrow!”	FOR
Javo Autopercibido	GK	7	1		A leader in goal but far from being the captain of any team. An agressive keeper that refuses to play the way that conventional fans have come to enjoy.	
Flash Ramsay	RF	7		blocked	Do not need.	
Plasmatika	GK	8	2		This goalkeeper starts every game with innocent fun but things rarely stay that way for long. Learn to expect the unexpected and don't think for one moment that a defensive Player doesn't attack. This one does!	
Lizzie Queen	CH	8	4		She’s Fulbo Galaxy royalty. Literally! You do not choose to play Fulbo with the Queen, the Queen chooses to play Fulbo with you. Is one feeling like one needs a little help from Her Majesty? Is one feeling lucky?	DEF
Potato Kid	CH	9	1		Not only a Fulbo Player but a true addict of the game. He has dedicated his life to two things: the pursuit of Fulbo Galaxy excellence and the adoration of all forms of music made by those that call themselves ‘spuds’.	MID
Gordo Bazooka	GK	9	3		He's fat, he's angry, and he's got a bazooka. He also sees Fulbo as a chance to fight for the people's revolution. Do you really need to know anything else about this man before deciding to stay away?	
Acid Queen	CH	10	2		She's a private Player. A Player for Fulbo Galaxy. She'll play who you want her to play. Just a private Player. A Player for Fulbo Galaxy. Any old team sheet will do. Select her if you want to see that Fulbo shimmy!	DEF
Denimface	GK	10	3		The man that caused the Texas penalty shootout massacre. He saved every shot before using the balls to make a foul tasting soup. He force-fed his leathery broth to the opposing team who have never quite recovered.	
Central Mass	GK	11	1		A one-man Fulbo team! He may play with teammates but don't be fooled into thinking he needs any of them. This goalkeeping powerhouse is prepared to play alone and will happily challenge any team in the world.	
Harold Payne	CH	11	4		Positivity guru and lover of Fulbo Galaxy. Working hard and playing hard does not guarantee a win for any team. Harold may lose badly but he will hide that pain behind a seriously awkward grin.	MID
Arte Manujín	CH	12	1		An artist with the ball and a genuine visionary on the Fulbo Galaxy pitch. Her footwork is a thing of beauty and her passing game is a work of art. Any Fulbo Player can have their 15 minutes of fame but she will be remembered forever.	MID
Pato Vicca	GK	12	1		An uneducated fool that derives pleasure from standing guard over his goal. He has a strict "one ball in, one ball out" policy. He is visibly cruel to male Fulbo Players and allows the prettiest female Players to score goals on request.	
Tincho M. Diocre	CH	13	1	blocked	An incredibly adaptable Player. Capable of playing in all positions as long as they’re on the right wing. During games, he chooses not to witness fouls and never responds after a goal. After the game, he can see things in a different way. Very, very, different!	DEF
Cherk	GK	13	3	blocked	All this guy really wants is to be left alone on the Fulbo pitch. He's not a team Player and he doesn't much like the fans either. His dream game involves scoring a goal in silence and holding out for the final whistle.	
Orfelia Gonzalez	CH	14	1	blocked	A leader among women, and men, but mainly women. One of the youngest stars of the Fulbo Galaxy world who started playing nine months before she was born! She is surely destined for great things.	DEF
León Trovich	GK	14	3		One of the best shot stoppers in the game. He saves penalties, he saves shots on goal, and he saves people. He leads his team from the back and believes that all games of Fulbo are impossible to win, until they become inevitable to win.	
Juando Mingo	GK	15	2		A leader on the Fulbo pitch. He gives his team all the tools they need to play at their absolute best. In return, all he demands is complete allegiance to the team and to himself. FOREVER!	
Slasher Master	CH	15	4	blocked	The faceless assassin of Fulbo Galaxy. Hockey mask? Check! Sword? Check! Willingness to do anything it takes to win? Check! Has anyone seen the last team he played against? Seriously, has anyone seen them? They're still missing!	FOR
Ronald W. Thrumb	CH	16	3	blocked	Owner of the world's largest tanning salon. If you want a golden glow at a reasonable price then you know where to go after the game. NOTE: Birth certificates are required for entry at Thrumb Salons.	FOR
KryptoKid	GK	16	3	blocked	The longest serving Fulbo Galaxy Player never to have played a game. He is classed as a goalkeeper but as he has never played we have no idea if this is accurate. Could you pick him so we can update his profile please?	
Gorggy	CH	17	1		Perhaps the most positive Player in the game. He’s happy when he's losing but when he's winning he’s delirious. His positivity is so infectious his teammates will often be seen celebrating a loss.	MID
Power Pup	GK	17	4		The loveable Player with no words and so much to say. One look from him can tell you so much but we have absolutely no idea what any of those messages are because we're not fluent in facial expressions.	
Rick Deadboy	GK	18	1		You cannot beat a Player that doesn't understand defeat. You cannot harm a Player that doesn't feel pain. You cannot kill a Player that is already dead. Strikers may score a goal past him but can they afford to pay the price?	
Turbo Grrrl	CH	18	3		She's the busiest Player on the Fulbo pitch! When she has the ball, she also has a hangover, needs sleep, has an infinite amount of love for her cat and, oh yeah, she has a love of music too (but only the right kind of music).	DEF
Betsy Beige	CH	19	2		Captain of any team that is foolish enough to let her play. Loves nothing more than whipping a losing team into shape. Actually, she enjoys whipping winners too. Whatever the score is as the final whistle blows, her team will be getting whipped.	DEF
Franky	GK	19	2		He’s alive! A loving and delicate goalkeeper on the inside but a pale and expressionless hulk of a goalkeeper on the outside. He has been denied the chance to become his true self due to the harsh reality of first impressions.	
El Pesto	CH	20	2		A Player steeped in the traditions of the game. He views the opposition as the enemy and if his own teammates play badly he will often call them traitors to the cause. His dream is to play so well that the opposing team disappears.	FOR
Homeboy	GK	20	4		He’s the caped goal crusader! A great goalkeeper but not too good at being a man. Or, to put it another way, he’s a super keeper but not a super man. He doesn’t like it when we say it that way.	
Cobra	CH	21	2		A special Fulbo talent. She stands out for her distinctive headdress and her three gold neck rings. The longest neck in Fulbo Galaxy history and the most unnatural header of the ball that the game has ever seen.	FOR
Max Rainbow	GK	21	2		Warrior of warriors and guardian of the rainbow gates of goals. When the enemy begins to circle this epic defender springs into action and protects his team with all the color he can muster. Attack if you dare!	
Caniggia Ice	CH	22	2		A legend of Fulbo Galaxy (in his own mind). He doesn't play by the rules off the pitch and he won't stick to them when he's on it either. He works harder on his hair than on his Fulbo.	MID
Chester Wilde	GK	22	2		The big bear of Fulbo! If you want clean sheets from a defensive savior then you gotta get your paws on his guy. Attacking Players don't get time to think in his area. If they do, they're getting MAULED!	
Lover Master	CH	23	1		Player of Fulbo. Player of women. Balls and women are all the same to this guy. He knows what he wants and he goes after it. His book entitled, 'A Player's Guide' is now available online.	MID
Fengxian	GK	23	4		The three things this Player knows how to do are save, save and save! On average he concedes one goal for every three saves... All you need now is an attacking superstar that can score more goals than your keeper concedes.	
Kremme	CH	24	1		A true visionary in the game of Fulbo. He believes that the beauty of Fulbo lies in the style of play and that true winners do not play in search of goals. The scoring of goals is beneath him.	MID
Mergod	GK	24	3		One of the twelve best keepers to ever guard a goal. Take a fish out of water and it clearly grows stronger. His power and speed are off the scale and his tail flicks have been known to shake the earth!	
Cletus Pinkneck	CH	25	3		The number one choice for an attacking formation in Fulbo Galaxy! If this guy is on your team then you had better prepare for a no holds barred battle for Fulbo supremacy. 	FOR
Fabricio Fabri	CH	26	1	blocked	A dedicated follower of fun, fun, fun! He doesn’t get weighed down with the stresses of standard Fulbo Players. He once created thirteen goals for the opposing team and described his team as ‘the real winners’.	FOR
Kristina Firtzner	CH	27	2	blocked	Nobody knows for sure how she managed to become a Fulbo Player but most people were suspicious when she filed her Player registration. She is the former president of the Fulbo League and love her or hate her, she's here to stay.	DEF
Bobby Etchegoyen	CH	28	1	blocked	A responsive Player on the pitch but a verbally abusive Player off it. If the fans don't like what they see then they have two choices. Be quiet about it or get what is now known on the terraces as the 'BABY TREATMENT!!!'	FOR
Bolsonero	CH	29	1		A man of God and the most outspoken Player in the Fulbo world. He has so many important opinions he had to cut down half of the Amazon rainforest in order to write them all down. He doesn’t think that Fulbo should be ‘Full-OF-Women’.	FOR
Uncle Neddy	CH	30	2	blocked	Singer, songwriter and gun-toting activist! Is that a guitar case around his shoulders? Who knows! One moment he could be stealing your heart with a ballad about teamwork, the next he could be taking out the opposition in a sniper attack.	MID
Jimena Susanez	CH	31	1	blocked	An incredibly hardworking Player but not always focused on the right parts of her game. She can often be seen demonstrating great defensive play in the attacking half of the pitch or vice versa.	DEF
Oriana Yuyos	CH	32	1	blocked	A Fulbo Galaxy legend (in his own mind). He doesn't play by the rules off the pitch and he won't stick to them when he's on it either. He works harder on his hair than on his Fulbo.	MID
Sri Zen Ohm	CH	33	1	blocked	He loves it when his team scores! He loves it when the opposition scores too. He doesn’t care what goes down on the Fulbo Galaxy pitch. If someone scores then everyone's a winner!	DEF
La Chambona	CH	34	1		Fulbo Galaxy Stars. Guanacos. Chulengos. She loves them all! If something special happens on the Fulbo pitch, and if there’s a camera close enough to see it, then she has to be involved. Immediately!	FOR
Quanus, The Brute	CH	35	3		A Fulbo Player for all causes. He may not always be on the winning side but he sure looks cool when he’s losing. He will take on other Players and run at opposing teams. He once rallied his team to take a stand against the owners of Fulbo Galaxy!	MID
Kurtz Kritz	CH	36	3	blocked	Unadaptable, unfriendly and relatively unknown to his teammates. Do you really want this guy on your side? He may light up the Fulbo pitch but only in very weird - and criminal - circumstances.	
El Más Guillermo	CH	37	1	blocked	The most misunderstood man in the world of Fulbo. He firmly believes in turning misunderstandings into understandings which is why he carries a gun to every game. What’s not to understand about a gun? Guns make life simple!	FOR
El Druppy	CH	38	1		He dares to play the type of Fulbo that everyone would love to play if only they had the guts. If you don’t like him then you’re simply in denial. He has jealousy-inducing skills that you must accept. Get over it!	MID
Ñuby	CH	39	2		A fan turned Fulbo Galaxy Player. He really loves to play but he wants to watch the game too. Spends most of his time running between the pitch and the television as he attempts - and mostly fails - to do both.	DEF
Giuseppe Stalini	CH	40	3		Born to be a Fulbo Star and raised to be a leader. His style of play is a little unorthodox but he's capable of scoring some wonderful goals (although not always for his own team). He makes every game a mini revolution!	FOR
George W. Ramone	CH	41	2	blocked	A Fulbo Galaxy genius with a unique style. One minute he’s on the attack and the next he’s a defensive dynamo. Add a little bit of ‘conservative punk’ to your team but remember, if you don't like the way he plays there's not a thing you can do about it.	MID
Putronik	CH	42	4	blocked	He's a small time Fulbo Galaxy star desperate to be a contender on the world stage. He's bright, he's studious and he has a lot of potential. Occasionally he's prone to making horrendous mistakes that lead his team to embarrassing losses.	
RuPole	CH	43	3	blocked	The most exciting Player to watch on the field of Fulbo Galaxy! If you're looking for a nail-biting display of Fulbo fun then look no further. When she's on the ball, no game is in danger of becoming a drag.	DEF
K Zoo	CH	44	3		A beacon to all women, but mainly young girls, or women that have already achieved success. A beacon to all women before or after their journey of growth. She almost certainly won’t be helpful along the way.	MID
Cancelado	CH	45	1	blocked	Why are you reading my bio? What are you looking for? Go away and read another Player’s bio. There’s nothing to see here. There’s no screengrab to take or cause to join. Take your hashtags elsewhere and go **** yourself!	DEF
L-Gangster	CH	46	2		Team Player and all-around hero. Get him in your team and it’s just a matter of time until you achieve success. You may also struggle to get to the stadium on time. His fans have been known to cause major traffic problems!	MID
Burt Simmons	CH	47	2	blocked	He has the youthful looks of a rookie but he’s by far the oldest Fulbo Player to ever grace the pitch. This forever young star has a mischievous style of play that has cemented his reputation as a firm favorite amongst the fans.	
Lissa Simmons	CH	48	2	blocked	Studious, serious and never in the mood for anything less than total commitment to the game. Although technically superior, she has spent her entire career playing in the shadow of her big brother, Burt Simmons. Has that made her bitter? It sure has.	
Angel Robledo	CH	49	1		The ultimate Fulbo Galaxy Player. Known for his killer tackles and dead ball skills. He's stylish and suave when he has the ball but completely insane when he loses it. Better to have him on your team than to play against him.	FOR
Leevon Hemingway	CH	50	1		The most famous Fulbo Galaxy Player in the world. We have no idea how this happened but she has twelve celebrity parents! When she plays Fulbo she means business and by business we mean show business darling.	FOR
Chester Guevara	CH	51	4	blocked	Only plays to draw attention to the poorer Players in the lower leagues of the Fulbo Galaxy universe. No team can deal with his square passes or his lethal shot taking. Opposing teams often refer to these moves as 'The Cube' and 'The Missile' crisis.	FOR
Pati Caro	CH	52	2		A young and talented Player rising fast in the Fulbo Galaxy world.  He has all the ingredients to make a great Player but needs to figure out his style. Like fresh meat, nobody knows if he will become a hamburger or a prime steak!	DEF
Bankboy Sam	CH	53	1		This man lives and breathes Fulbo and has more skills than most Players on the pitch. Unfortunately, he is hugely unpopular with his teammates because when he wins the ball he loves to give it away.	MID
Smiley Saurus	CH	54	4	blocked	What a woman! What a Player! She does not understand the concept of defensive play and believes only in the art of attack, more attack and even more attack. If you want to win, then build your team around this wrecking ball.	MID
Eloy Mars	CH	55	4	blocked	He has the most powerful left foot in the Fulbo Galaxy. His style of play is electric and he always shoots for the stars. Last season he kicked a ball so hard that Toxic Kate lost a leg!	FOR
Butalik Viterin	CH	56	2	blocked	One of the best Players in the whole of Fulbo Galaxy. His innovative and altruistic style of play is always the talk of the stadium when he plays. Fans also like to talk about his awful fashion choices!	MID
Tom Paris	CH	57	1	blocked	If looking good is what Fulbo play is all about then this guy has already won. He once turned up two weeks early for a game to make sure his hair was perfectly styled in time for kick off.	FOR
Cameela Camil	CH	58	1	blocked	The best bad Player out there. He plays the ugliest style of Fulbo in an extremely beautiful way. The fans love to hate him and he hates to love them. Teammates often accuse him of disappearing when he's on the pitch, which he agrees with by denying it.	DEF
Oliver Plant	CH	59	1	blocked	The first female Player in Fulbo Galaxy! She won the award for Best Female Player in Fulbo Galaxy for three consecutive years (she was the only woman). Nowadays she is officially the best 'Cameela Camil' in Fulbo Galaxy.	MID
Bitoshi Koinamoto	CH	60	3		Some say he invented Fulbo but he denies that, of course. In fact, he denies it so hard that it's almost suspicious. He plays Fulbo very well. Some say he plays too well for a man that didn't invent the sport!	FOR
Nadie	CH	61	2		The most complained about Player in the game. The fans have no idea who he is, the referees don't have him listed on their team sheets and his teammates are constantly asking, 'Who the hell is this guy?'	FOR
Koko Momo	CH	62	2		Known predominantly for her role on one of the most successful teams in Fulbo history. She was actually an unused substitute and never played for the team. Some fans believe she was a destructive force responsible for the teams eventual demise.	DEF
Charlote Verdoux	CH	63	4		Shy, retiring and wonderful to watch. He is the silent star of Fulbo Galaxy. IMPORTANT: Do not confuse him with the super evil German forward from the 30s and 40s. They both have the same mustache but their style of play is worlds apart!	DEF
Cardenal Salchipapa	CH	64	4		A Fulbo Galaxy Player with divine skills. Delicate touches and brutally hard tackles combine to form a true defensive leader on the pitch. Many people find it hard to believe that a Player like this exists.	DEF
Machote	CH	65	4	blocked	The only Fulbo Player that is delighted not to play ball. He has zero defensive skills and an unrivaled ability to attack. He once had a penalty shot saved and retaliated by removing Tony Tank's arm. He hasn't missed a penalty since!	DEF
Coin Guru Guy	CH	66	2		Fans love to chant his name during games. They also love to ask him questions about their finances. When interviewed about this he said, "I don't understand these chants. I'm a Fulbo Player, not a financial adviser!"	MID
Z Sea	CH	67	2	blocked	He's the most opinionated Player in the game but those opinions change the moment you disagree with him. He has used these agreeable techniques to become one of the most successful defensive Players in Fulbo Galaxy.	MID
Capitan Starpain	CH	68	2	blocked	His skills are so spectacular that he's often left alone on the pitch with plenty of space around him. He's the loneliest Player in the Fulbo Galaxy univere but you wouldn't know that to look at him.	FOR
Kosmokim	CH	69	2		This little guy has a low center of gravity which comes in handy as an attacking Player. He moves quickly, he stays on his feet and he's fantastic at creating space before launching missile strikes at goal!	MID
Comandante TNT	CH	70	2		She's by far the loudest Player to grace the Fulbo Galaxy pitch. If she's not singing then she's screaming as she attacks the opposition goal. Thankfully, in a space suit, nobody can hear her scream. Nor can they hear her sing.	DEF
Cosmonauta Jazz	CH	71	1		The first female Player to venture into space! She was voted by fans as ‘Player Most Wanted To Be Exiled from Earth.’ She received 100% of the vote, leaving fans - and her - feeling over the moon.	FOR
UFO Guy	CH	72	1		The most mysterious Player in the Fulbo Galaxy. He hides behind a mask and a full space suit but his silky skills on the ball are what really keep people at bay. He’s fast, he’s smart, and he’s out of this world!	FOR
Elmer Linkstar	CH	73	1	blocked	Formerly known as the richest man on Earth. He’s still filthy rich and only lost this title because he left the planet. Each time he returns to play Fulbo he once again becomes the richest man on Earth.	MID
Somebody	CH	74	1		This Fulbo Galaxy star grew up being told that if he worked hard, someday he could really be somebody. Nowadays, he really is somebody and the fans love him. After all, we all need somebody to love.	FOR
Alguien	CH	75	1		Someone told me that this guy was the best looking man in the world. Someone also told me he was by far the greatest Fulbo Player in the world. I guess this means someone has a high opinion of themselves.	DEF
Anónima	CH	76	1		He’s the oldest Player in the game, we think. Legend has it that he turned to playing Fulbo after fighting in two world wars. Some fans affectionately know him as 'the Unnamed Soldier.'	MID
El Pinche Guevara	CH	77	3		He lives to entertain the poor with his Fulbo skills and with his parties. If you’re poor and at home, then you should take a siesta because once he’s on the pitch it’s time for a fiesta!	FOR
Potato Cheff	CH	78	3	blocked	The slowest Player in Fulbo Galaxy! We can't remember which came first, his style of play or his decision to cook meals during the game. It all seemed so long ago now. He likes his steak the way he likes his goals. Rare!	MID
Xalapeño	CH	79	3		An attacking Player with a real hunger for the ball. When he’s not scoring goals, he can be found working the grill at a barbecue. If you want a winning team or a decent burger then this is your man.	MID
El Trompo	CH	80	2		A genuine man of mystery. As a baby, he was abandoned in a basket on the Mexican side of a huge border wall. Luckily, he was found by a Fulbo-loving family who raised him to be a world class Player.	DEF
Perita Verón	CH	81	2		A passionate leader and a fan favorite. She loves to hear a crowd cheer her name when she scores a goal. However, after a bad foul by El Trompo last season she turned on the fans and screamed, “Don’t cry for me if I’m injured.”	DEF
Transparento	CH	82	1		The oldest monster on the block. He's been there, scared that, and he's even got the T-shirt to prove it. He lost his pants after a particularly bad low tackle by Chunky Doll.	DEF
Feratvs	CH	83	2		A bonafide Fulbo legend. He's been around since the beginning of the game and his mission remains the same: to suck blood and get some color back into his cheeks. He once damaged his fangs on Cobra's neck rings in an incident fans call 'the grayscale fail'.	FOR
Patra	CH	84	3		A Pharaoh in Egypt but just another Player on the pitch. Patra loves Fulbo but she doesn't think Fulbo loves her. Her demands for a milk bath after every game have so far been rejected. Her requests for a milk shower have also been declined.	MID
El Undead	CH	85	1		Part of the new generation of Fulbo Players. He came to the game shortly after dying. One minute he was trying a new blend of tea his girlfriend had discovered and the next thing he knew he was playing center forward. A meteoric fall from life and rise to stardom.	DEF
El Dead	CH	86	1		A poor and lazy student turned world-class Fulbo Player. His final words as a college student were, "The dog ate my homework!" Unfortunately, the homework had been written on his left arm.	MID
Toxic Kate	CH	87	1		Copacabana beach's loss is Fulbo's gain. Don't expect this supermodel to back out of a challenge on the pitch. She remains the only former living person in history to sunbathe during a solar flare.	FOR
Mortadella	CH	88	2		Not the only victim of knife crime in the game but definitely the politest victim of knife crime in the game. In fact, she's so polite it's hard to figure out why she became a victim of knife crime.	FOR
Katsumi Takako	CH	89	2		She was taken to the district of Geon in Ktoyo at an early age and trained in the art of Fulbo. She now possesses unique skills that are far superior to any other Player in the Fulbo Galaxy universe.	MID
Maribot	CH	90	2		The most divisive Player of Fulbo the world has ever seen. Some fans believe the style of play is powerful and visually beautiful and yet others think it is underwhelming, obvious and naive.	FOR
Golden Maribot	CH	91	3		A hugely divisive Player. Either they have the skills to play Fulbo in the most beautiful way or they have a naivety that allows them to play underwhelming Fulbo in a pedestrian style. Whichever is true, at least they’re made of gold!	DEF
Angeles Davidson	CH	92	1		Goalscorer and social justice warrior! If you want to win on the Fulbo pitch then she's your girl. If you want to win off the pitch she's still your girl. If you just want to relax and have fun then she's definitely not your girl.	DEF
Bat Brat	CH	93	2		A tabloid star and all-round fan favorite. He draws opposition Players in with his innocent style of play before revealing an attacking ability that overpowers all. Beware, this guy's style of play has teeth!	FOR
Michael Five	CH	94	1		This young man ran away from home to chase his dream of becoming a Fulbo Star.  His father regularly protests outside of the games. He demands that Michael be returned to the church gospel choir and is currently suing Fulbo for loss of earnings. 	DEF
Mickey Naj	CH	95	3	blocked	The baddest b*tch of all and leader of the hottest, strongest, finest, most brilliant group of badass b*tches in the world of Fulbo. If she's playing against you then you're losing the game. Don't hate this Fulbo Player! Hate the game!	MID
Pedro Persuasivo	CH	96	3		Sometimes this guy is the best Player on the pitch and at other times he will be the worst Player you've ever seen. Luckily he has a way with words and that helps to score goals even when his skills cannot.	DEF
Mr. Nice Guy	CH	97	3		Never judge a book by the cover! Unless you see a book cover that looks dangerous and you decide the inside will likely be soft and warm. In that case you should definitely judge a book by the cover - and this Fulbo Player by his terrifying face.	DEF
Dan, el Diplomático	CH	98	2		Dan is always trying to solve the problems that crop up on the Fulbo pitch. He believes that his words can help to remedy anything that happens in the game. However, his words are probably more effective because he's holding a knife in the air.	FOR
El Embajador	CH	99	1		Leader of The Pacifits and a defensive powerhouse. He was once an out-and-out attacking player but soon transitioned to defense when he realized that Fulbo games are never lost if you refuse to concede goals.	MID
Sorry	CH	100	1		This Player definitely knows someone that did something wrong. We don't know who this Player is though, so we don't know who he knows, or what they did wrong. All that aside, he plays Fulbo pretty well considering he has a bag on his head.	DEF
Carlos Danger	CH	101	1	blocked	A former hot prospect turned journeyman of Fulbo. He began his career playing with an exciting and innovative style but now chooses a much more understated technique. He once lost his pants in a horror tackle and has never fully recovered.	FOR
Mamma Donna	CH	102	4	blocked	Superstar. Style Icon. Sex Symbol. She used to be known as all of these things. Nowadays she's just a Fulbo Player. She's just a super, stylish, iconic and sexy Fulbo Player. Don't you dare forget it!!	FOR
Green Gladys	CH	103	1		A green goddess and a green god all wrapped up in one green package. If you're looking for someone that eats their greens, plays well on the green stuff, and maybe even wins you some green, then Gladys is the one for you.	MID
Whimply Red	CH	104	1		A huge fan of the red card. In fact, they just can't get enough. If you're looking for a game that ends because every Player has been sent off then you'll do well to get this scarlet lover on your team. They won't be on your team for long though!	DEF
Goldie	CH	105	1		A once-in-a-generation Player obsessed with finding golden opportunities in front of goal. They have golden boots, golden shorts, golden socks and even golden eyes. If your team is lacking mettle then grab some gold!	FOR
Seed Visual	CH	106	2		A Fulbo rebel that hates authority and plays only to encourage others into rallying against the system. They hate to lose one-nil and they hate to win one-nil too. Why are so many of these scores in binary?	DEF
Marilyn Mostra	CH	107	2		She is without doubt the most beautiful woman to ever grace the game of Fulbo Galaxy. Her hair is better than yours, her outfits are better than anyone else's and her opinions of herself are second to none.	MID
Exotique Glitterson	CH	108	1		The most tackled Player in the game despite rarely having the ball. Fans believe it's because she needs to improve her gameplay but she disagrees. She once told a reporter, "When you look as good as me, Players tackle you just to get closer."	DEF
Glenda Galaxy	CH	109	2		She proudly plays Fulbo for the LGBTQ+ community and believes that every kick is a chance to put right what once went wrong. She once asked the Fulbo owners permission to celebrate her goals with a minute's silence.	DEF
Lux Electrica	CH	110	1		An electric Player in more ways than one. When her team is playing well it's because she charges them up but when they're losing it's often because she's being a drain. Either way, when she's playing the scoreline is shocking!	FOR
Sam Ultra	CH	111	2		Her favorite fan chants would be 'There's only one Sam Ultra!' or 'She's by far the greatest Player the world has ever seen!' She spends all of her time waiting to hear these chants for the first time and accruing red cards.	DEF
María Gonzalez	CH	112	1		Don’t judge a book by its cover. Unless you happen to think this book looks like a sensitive and loyal Mexican lesbian cholo. If you manage to get all of that from the cover then judge away!	MID
Tom of Iceland	CH	113	2		Raised in the cold underground punk rock clubs of the coldest country on the planet, his skin is capable of withstanding temperatures as low as -235°C.	MID
Leather Wurst	CH	114	1		A Player with the best moves on the Fulbo pitch. Fans watch in awe at the shapes he makes and the positions he gets himself into when playing the game. Unfortunately, raving to imaginary techno music rarely leads to goals.	DEF
Ford Hellman	CH	115	3	blocked	The headbanging, hellraising king of wanton behavior on the Fulbo pitch. If you're not with him then you're against him and if you're against him then you had better prepare for your own destruction. It's metal time!	FOR
PedroPower	CH	116	2		An irresistible Player to watch. He plays like a man that has just been released from a prison of denial and repression. He calls that prison his 'hometown' and he is never going back. Their loss is Fulbo Galaxy's gain!	DEF
Golden Dummy	CH	117	1		Nobody knows how but this genius learnt to play Fulbo from the front seat of a car crash. It was a baptism of fire but it sure worked out for him. You'll want this dummy on your side in a scrape. 	DEF
Silver Dummy	CH	118	1		Nobody in the league kicks a ball quite like this dude! Every shot he makes has enough power to shatter a windshield. Get this dummy on your side and let's go crash some games.	FOR
Husam Sandstorm	CH	119	1		When calm he allows wave after wave of attacking play to wash over him like the human equivalent of sand on the beach. When upset, he's like a sandstorm, appearing out of nowhere and leaving only devastation in his wake.	MID
Ahmed y la pequeña Fatima	CH	120	2		Fatima loves Fulbo but Eagles lack the feet required to play Fulbo. Luckily, Ahmed loves Fatima and he has feet so plays the game for her. They're essentially a team playing within a team. Is that allowed? Yes.	FOR
Primate Aburrido	CH	121	4	blocked	Don't use	
Frank Lancing	CH	122	2	blocked	Don't use	
Gurghle, el Zhnorx	CH	123	2		Hailing from the Planet Krogh and representing his hometown of Grrr, this outsider was born to play the beautiful game. He fully intends to do this until next Saturday when his army arrives to destroy the Earth.	MID
Xardra, el Warrrwan	CH	124	3		The last surviving member of her species and yet the first of her people to ever play Fulbo. If any more of her kind had survived they would have easily dominated the sport for decades to come. Domination averted!	DEF
Séptimo Hijo	CH	125	3		A Fulbo Player, a werewolf, and a vegan. In that order too. He dreams of nothing more than scoring goals before sinking his fangs into a juicy soy meat burger with portobello mushrooms and soul destroying fake cheese.	FOR
Bombelle	CH	126	2		A futuristic style of Player with a taste for villainous behaviour. Her pace is out of this world and her focus is second to none. Like a rocket after it has been launched, she finds the target or explodes on the way.	FOR
Mrs. Monster Bride	CH	127	3		Appeared on the Fulbo Galaxy scene shortly after the tragic coach crash that killed both teams in the women’s World Fulbo Championships last year. She’s the most perfect woman to have ever lived and some say the best fulbo Player to have ever existed.	MID
Slash	CH	128	4		As a boy he dreamed of becoming a goalkeeper but with a chainsaw for a hand it was never meant to be.  As an adult he’s a mad outfield Player with a penchant for vicious tackles, especially if the opposing team are playing like zombies.	FOR
Agent Kill	CH	129	3		He’s a secret agent disguised as a skeleton. He’s also one of the best fulbo Players in the world disguised as a skeleton. His mission is to find the thief of a thousand-year-old talisman but luckily he scores beautiful goals along the way.	FOR
Diskoteko	CH	130	1		Part-time Fulbo Galaxy Player and full-time party guy! When his feet start moving he’s ready to play ball but when his head starts bopping it can only mean one thing; it’s time to leave the pitch and get on the dance floor.	MID
XD-Vision	CH	131	2		The Fulbo Player with the shortest attention span in the game. He rarely defends and he rarely attacks but if you had glasses that allowed you to see through everybody's clothes, what would you achieve?	DEF
José Cadaver	CH	132	3		Ten years ago he was great at Fulbo, good at partying and brilliant at cooking. Then after a rough game in Mexico he became dead great at Fulbo, dead good at partying and dead brilliant at cooking (PSST... he's dead!)	MID
Flamas	CH	133	3		Some say this guy is on fire at the moment. Some say he’s been on fire for a long time. Hold up! He’s actually on fire! It’s a case of spontaneous combustion and it’s been going on for far too long.	FOR
Tu Pesadilla	CH	134	3		This clown doesn't exist. He's completely in your imagination and he's here to harm you. This is what you wanted, isn't it? ISN'T IT?! You'd better start running while you still can! Go on... RUN!!!	DEF
Parolio, el Payaso	CH	135	2		Some Fulbo Players don't earn the big bucks. They rob banks, get caught, get out of jail on parole, and then their mom's get them a side gig as a clown. Ironically, if he had dressed as a clown when he robbed the bank, he may have gotten away with it.	MID
Samuel LaMerde	CH	136	2		At the beginning of his career he was plagued with constant accusations of handball and after giving away one too many penalties he decided enough was enough. Nowadays he only plays beautiful, skillful, hands-free Fulbo.	FOR
Rota Rodríguez	CH	137	2		She's a gifted athlete, a competitive Fulbo Player and not the type of person that allows a minor skiing accident to get in the way of a game. Broken leg? What broken leg? Get on with it!	DEF
Ronda Peperoni	CH	138	3		If you want a pizza her then you'd better join the queue. Everybody loves Peperoni but underneath that she's just a Margherita girl with red hot cheesy skills. Few Fulbo Players can handle a slice of her action.	MID
Rongo Sunn	CH	139	2	blocked	A simple Player that goes about the business of playing Fulbo in a straightforward way. He may not score any solo goals but he loves to help out with the group hits. He grew up in the shadow of his twin brother, Righto Sunn.	MID
Painhiding Schmupfth	CH	140	3		Fulbo Player first. Dedicated member of the Schmupfths second. Who are the Schmupfths?  They're a group of blue Fulbo Players with average abilities and when they lose a game, it's this guy's job to hide the pain!	DEF
Slappy Oscar	CH	141	3	blocked	An award winning Fulbo Player. His award is an 'Oswald' and is completely unrelated to Fulbo. Don't talk to him about that. In fact, don't talk to him about anything. He's been known to get angry about almost anything and you wouldn't like him when he's angry!	DEF
Frank Wolfstreet	CH	142	3		He's a professional Fulbo Player by day but on nights with a full moon he's a different beast. If he's not scoring goals on the pitch then you'll find him playing wildly on the New York Stock Exchange.	DEF
Black Hole Sam	CH	143	3		A truly unique Player within the Fulbo Galaxy universe.  He is incapable of absorbing pressure, he cannot return a pass, and has never emitted a single shot on goal. Despite this, the fans find themselves strongly attracted to him.	MID
Jon Fisherman Kenneth	CH	144	4		Former President of the World Fulbo League and - in his own mind - current President of the World Fulbo League. He's a man with a plan to change the game for the better but, "NOBODY WANTS TO HEAR IT AGAIN!"	MID
Bay Warrior	CH	145	2		She's just as comfortable on the pitch as in the water. If you're looking for someone to rescue your team then you could do worse than pick the perma-tanned goddess with the gleaming teeth.	FOR
Miss California	CH	146	4		Mesmerizing on the ball and completely mesmerizing off it. She's certainly not the best Fulbo Player in the league but when she's on the pitch nobody plays too well. She's attractively distracting!	MID
Babe Watcher	CH	147	2		A legend with a glittering career cut short by spending far too much time on the beach with his binoculars. He's still a Player with a lot to offer on the pitch. In fact, they absolutely love him in Germany!	DEF
Mr. Deep	CH	148	3		A Fulbo Player that learned to play the game underwater!. Since making the transition to playing 'on land' he has excelled in every aspect of the game. He's a fish out of water but this time it works!	FOR
Mr. Lost & Fulvencito	CH	149	4		A descendant from survivors of the Titanic but not those lucky enough to be rescued by passing boats. His ancestors were washed up on a cold and desolate island with only Fulbo for entertainment. 	MID
Marielle	CH	150	2		One of the youngest Players in the league. She grew up in a place where playing Fulbo was not allowed and so she spent her childhood yearning to play but had to wait until she turned eighteen before finally kicking a ball. 	MID
Finn	CH	151	3	blocked	The elf formerly known as Santa's little helper. Fired after waking children with his rattle during the Christmas present delivery of 2021. Now terrorizing the Fulbo world's defences with that very same rattle.	
Unprofessional Santa	CH	152	3	blocked	Santa Claus is beloved by children all around the world and works tirelessly to reward their good behavior with happiness and gifts each Christmas. This guy is not that Santa. This guy found the bottle long before he found a purpose.	
Jennsen	CH	153	3	blocked	The elf-ess with the mostest. Wonderful presents appear with one flick of her wand and Fulbo teams disappear with one kick of her foot. Afterall, the true joy of Christmas lies in the giving of gifts and the scoring of goals.	
Gloo Gloo	CH	154	3	blocked	Behold! The miracle dolphin that traded an ocean for a Fulbo pitch, gave up graceful swimming for a land based struggle, and swapped breathing for not breathing (well, not breathing quite as often anyhow).	
Nave	CH	155	3			
Fuco	CH	156	3			
Cadorni	CH	157	3			
El Javo	CH	158	3			
El Jefe	CH	159	3			
Esperpent	CH	160	3			